Bug 1741586 - Create browser compat tests for web platform and run on CI (#1136)
mozilla/glean.js: benchmarks/README.md

npm run size:report
```

> **Note**: This script requires the `GITHUB_TOKEN` environment variable
> and the CircleCI environment to know which PR to post to.
> It is not really meant to be run outside of CircleCI.

### Docs

Builds the Glean.js library for all the targeted platforms and document

> the size of the library and of each extra metrics and plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the size of the library and of each extra metric and plugin.
```

To run the script without updating the documentation:

```
npm run size:docs:dry
```

To run the script and update the documentation.

```
npm run size:docs
```

> ## Browser compatibility

Reviewer: Huh. So browser compatibility is considered a benchmark? I always thought benchmarks were perf things.

Author: Well, to be honest I don't know. Wikipedia agrees with you... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benchmark_(computing). I am happy to change the name of this folder to something else. Any suggestions?

Author: Renamed it to "reports". Think that is more accurate I guess.

Author: Ok, changed the name of this to "automation"... Kinda weird, but I guess it works. Let me know what you think.
